hey guys a genius moments you can
entertain be showing you guys how you
can jailbreak your PlayStation 4 but
before we get into the video can you
guys please smash grab bonus net 10
nights also subscribe for daily GTA 5
content that Allen said all set of
dollars get straight into the video so
I'm going to do is you want to have a
USB and within that USB you want to make
create a new folder and once you create
on you for that you're going to name
this folder called ps4 so the actual
PlayStation system can recognize this
and in this jailbreak you aren't going
to be able to get free games first first
Lee and the Brazilians only have this
but now I found a way from breakout
gaming how to get on gek so please call
them go on sepoys channel you only got
12 subscribers and it makes great
content and now we didn't then wind it
within the ps4 folder you want to make
an update folder and now in this update
for they want to make a new text
document is you want to be calling
update dot p 0 p 0 once you have made
this now you just want to close all
these folders and stomp your playstation
phone i'll be back once i'm on my
playstation 4 okay now them on the ps4
as you guys can actually see right now
i'm actually in the plate cheap places
afford jailbreak i'm actually menu menu
as you guys can see it's got pockets
installer add content manager rebuild
saved a database so i saved up a fake
free space fakes a downer instant up so
spending play grody play code ebook and
then yeah that's pretty much how you get
the jawbreaker be leaving links to doubt
your jailbreak i make sure you do go
check out breakout gaming you've got
very good tutorials like this and yeah
that privilege it has been used for MC
cave in to the vigil please drop a like
ocean it 10 likes also subscribe for
daily she gave 5 content and i'm out
peace hold it down
Oh